Summary
-------

The theme is set in an automated warehouse simulation in gazebo. The setting has two pick and place robotic arms. Orders are received during the start of the simulation and the Incoming Orders sheet is updated as and when orders are received. The camera first identifies the packages on the shelf and the Inventory sheet is updated with information on the packages present on the shelf. The ur5-1 arm picks the appropriate package based on the order received and dispatches it onto the conveyor belt.Care is taken to ensure higher priprity boxes are dispatched first. The Orders Dispatched sheet is populated once the package is dispatched onto the conveyor belt. Upon reaching the ur5-2 arm, the boxes are picked and placed in the appropriate bins (the logical camera is used to detect the boxes). The Orders Shipped sheet is updated when the box is placed in the appropriate bin.

An email alert containing package information is sent when the package is dispatched and when the package is shipped.

A warehouse dashboard is also implemented. A Dashboard sheet part of the mastersheet acts as a JSON endpoint and the warehouse dashboard is updated based on the entries in this sheet. Markers are placed on the map to indicate the city of the incoming orders. A green marker indicates that the order has been shipped and dispatched. A yellow marker indicates that the order is dispatched but not shipped. A red marker indicates that the order is neither shipped nor dispatched. The dashboard also contains a table which gives live status of the package i.e whether or not the package has been shipped or dispatched and the shipped and dispatched date and time is also updated in the table. It also displays the package information such as order id,item,priority,city and time taken. The dashboard also contains a graph which indicates the time taken for each order to be shipped. The y axis is the time taken and the x axis is the order id. Colour coding for the graph is also made based on the package colour.
